# Credit-Scoring-Model
This repository contain some statistical method for determine performance loan.
In today's modern era, almost all areas of life are inseparable from data. Data can be used to assess risk, predict an event and even be used for decision making. Statistics, which is known as the science that is useful for processing data into information, has an important role in all areas of life. One of the fields that still need statistical knowledge is banking. According to Kasmir (2011), a bank can be defined as a financial institution whose business activities are collecting funds from the public and channeling these funds back to the community and providing other bank services.One of the services provided by banks is credit. According to UU no. 10 of 1998 Credit is a provision of money or claims based on a loan agreement or agreement between a bank and another party which requires the borrower to pay off the debt after a certain period of time with interest. Before a bank provides credit to a debtor, it is necessary to have an assessment from the bank to measure whether the debtor is able to fulfill his obligations in credit or not. One of the credit problems is the existence of debtors who have non-current credit, which can harm the bank.Of these problems, of course there needs to be supervision in terms of credit, there are several statistical analyzes that can be used on these problems, including discriminant analysis and Classification and Regression Tree. In this research will compare the two methods which produce the best loan performance.
